time: add page (#7140)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/time.md

# time

> Displays or sets the system time.
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/time>.

> - Display the current system time and prompt to enter a new time. Press ENTER to retain the existing system time:

Reviewer: I'd just change one little thing:
```suggestion
- Display the current system time and prompt to enter a new time (leave empty to keep unchanged):
```
